962 Refine docs (#1717)
bcgov/cas-registration: docs/backend/test.md

# Testing Overview

> We use Pytest and Django's TestCase classes for testing. We aim to cover as much of the backend codebase as possible with unit tests for services, data access services, endpoints, data models and utilities. All tests are located in the `tests` directory within each Django app. Test's function names should be descriptive and follow the naming convention `test_<name>`. For example, `test_get_user_by_guid` otherwise, the test runner will not pick up the test.

Reviewer: Couple suggestions for clarity
```suggestion
We use Pytest and Django's TestCase classes for testing. We aim to cover as much of the backend codebase as possible with unit tests for endpoints (these cover  services and data access services as well), data models and utilities. All tests are located in the `tests` directory within each Django app. Test's function names should be descriptive and follow the naming convention `test_<name>`, for example, `test_get_user_by_guid`. If the test name does not contain `test`, the test runner will not pick up the test.
```

It's also important to understand the difference between patching a function - done with `patch()` - and patching an object - done with `patch.object()`. Again, refer to unittest.mock's [online docs](https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.mock.html#patch) for more detail.

## Testing Django Models

When testing Django models, we use the `BaseTestCase` class from the `bc_obps.common.tests.utils.helpers` module. This base test case provides several utility methods to streamline the testing of model fields, ensuring that they meet the expected criteria for labels, maximum lengths, and relationship counts. Below are the key components and their purposes:

### Key Components of `BaseTestCase`

1. **`field_data`**:

   - This attribute should be overridden in the child class. It contains a list of tuples where each tuple represents a field's name, expected label, expected maximum length, and expected relations count.
   - Example:

     ```python
     field_data = [
         ('name', 'Name', 255, None),
         ('description', 'Description', 500, None),
         ('tags', None, None, 3)
     ]
     ```

> 2. **`assertFieldLabel(self, instance, field_name, expected_label)`**:

Reviewer: This is label if we were using Django views/admin? Suggest adding a note about that, I remember getting confused about it at one point. Also suggest adding a two word field name to show how that translates to a label (eg ('first_name', First Name (?), 255, None)
